Hi,

I ran a routine, good-faith security review of ZSvirt's public repos and found
that zsvirt's core module (and several other modules) pin Spring Security and
Spring Framework to versions with known, published CVEs:

spring.framework.version = 5.2.25.RELEASE
spring.security.version = 5.7.13

The one I'd prioritize: GHSA-q3v6-hm2v-pw99, a genuine authorization-bypass
vulnerability in Spring Security caused by case-sensitive comparison
mismatches. It's fixed in 5.7.14, a same-line patch release within 5.7.x -
should be a low-risk, drop-in version bump, no breaking API changes expected.
A few siblings in the same release are also worth picking up in the same
bump: GHSA-vxf7-qj7q-83fh (user attribute enumeration via
DaoAuthenticationProvider), GHSA-293q-567p-wmwq (X.509 client-cert user
impersonation), GHSA-mf92-479x-3373 (security headers not written under some
conditions), GHSA-x2r2-rvhq-2mqv (open redirect via unvalidated post-login
redirect URL).

Separately, a bigger one to plan for, not fix today: spring.framework.version
is pinned to 5.2.25.RELEASE, which predates even the 5.3.x line. Several
Spring MVC CVEs I checked (e.g. GHSA-cjpg-rgq5-fr37, multipart request
smuggling) list 5.3.39 as the last known-affected version before a fix -
meaning 5.2.x is outside the tracked/patched range entirely rather than
already covered. A real fix means the jump to at least Spring Framework
6.2.19, which is a genuine major-version migration (Jakarta EE namespace
changes among other things) - too large for me to respectfully hand you as a
drop-in patch, but worth having on the roadmap given it's your actual web
framework layer, not an incidental dependency.

I confirmed both of these are direct dependencies (declared in core/pom.xml
and centrally pinned in the root pom.xml's dependencyManagement), not
transitive noise, before writing in.

I tried to open a public issue first out of habit but it was blocked by an org
permission restriction - then noticed your own SECURITY.md correctly asks for
private email instead, so apologies if that attempt showed up anywhere on
your end.

Happy to open a PR for the Spring Security 5.7.13 -> 5.7.14 bump specifically
if that's useful - it should be a one-line, no-risk change. Let me know.

Thanks for building in the open,
Anu